Do you think this guy is qualified?
Yes, but they are ranked lowest in the martial arts convention.
What is the martial arts convention ranking?
It is through contempt to gain status and resources of martial arts.
That's easier.
Then we will pretend to be disciples of the liberal faction.
So how do we fight?
Insert their ancestral church
Are you stupid?
There are only three of us.
They are a sect.
What to fight with people?
Do we want to fake it in front of them?
This.
You are so smart.
Do we just want to be in front of them?
I think you are the fool.
In front of people
Free people will not agree.
Why not agree?
We represented the Tieu Dao sect and won first place in the martial arts convention.
Any loss for the free crowd?
If you are the owner
How do you choose?
A priest
Two sect leaders were destroyed.
Our ingredients are too complex.
Don't hit us.
Better to hit it direct.
You have to find out
In this world, there is no fighting and killing.
Is worldly wisdom.
Who is coming?
I need to see you.
Who are you, just want to meet us.
Um, no, what about you?
Uh, what about cults?
This is nothing.
If I don't go, I'm not welcome.
Isn't there no sect behind the demonic cult?
I am the leader, what do I say about the inheritance?
You are the devil's master.
Oh no, the leader of the Demonic Cult is here, run.
Didn't he want to fight all day?
I told you, gangsters are human.
The bold demon king is bullying me for being free and uninhabited?
Come to me again.
Someone catch this monster.
This is what you call worldly wisdom.
Leader of the Freedom Sect
Do you want to win the first place in martial arts?
Want to be the leader of martial arts?
Say so.
You want to surrender